Add Trend Micro WebSecurity Remote Code Execution (#13645)
rapid7/metasploit-framework: documentation/modules/exploit/linux/http/trendmicro_websecurity_exec.md

## Vulnerable Application

> This module exploits multiple vulnerabilities together in order to achive a remote code execution. Unauthenticated users can execute a terminal command under the context of the root user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module exploits multiple vulnerabilities together in order to achieve remote code execution in Trend Micro Web Security. Unauthenticated users can execute a terminal command under the context of the root user.
```

Another specific flaw exist within the proxy service, which listens on port 8080 by default. Unauthenticated users can exploit this vulnerability in order to communicate with internal services in the product.

Last but not least flaw exists within the Apache Solr application, which is installed within the product. When parsing the file parameter, the process does not properly validate a user-supplied path prior to using it in file operations. An attacker can leverage this vulnerability to disclose information in the context of IWSS user.

Due to combination of these vulnerabilities, unauthenticated users can execute a terminal command under the context of the root user.

**Vulnerable Application Installation Steps**

Trend Micro Web Security is distrubed as an ISO image by Trend Micro.

Following steps are valid on the CentOS 6 x64 bit operating system.

1. Open following URL [http://downloadcenter.trendmicro.com/](http://downloadcenter.trendmicro.com/)

> 2. Find "InterScan Web Security Virtual Appliance)" and click.

Reviewer 2: stray ) here
